Test Case 1
Type: Public Hearing
Department: Design and construction
Date Published: April 2, 2015

DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION  PUBLIC HEARINGS PLEASE TAKE NOTICE, that in
accordance with Section 201-204 (inclusive) of the New York State Eminent Domain
Procedure Law (“EDPL”), a public hearing will be held by the New York City
Department of Design and Construction, on behalf of the City of New York in
connection with the acquisition of certain properties for the construction of
sanitary and storm sewers, water mains and appurtenances in Grantwood Avenue
between Sheldon Avenue and Rensselaer Avenue; Grantwood Avenue between
Rensselaer Avenue and Rathbun Avenue and the intersection of Sheldon and
Belfield Avenues (Capital Project No. SER200196) – Borough of Staten Island. The
time and place of the hearing is as follows: Date: April 21, 2015 Time: 10:00
A.M. Location: Community Board No. 3 Woodrow Plaza 655 Rossville Avenue Staten
Island, NY 10309 The purpose of this hearing is to inform the public of the
proposed acquisition of certain street beds and to review the public use to be
served by the project and the impact on the environment and residents. The scope
of this Capital Project includes construction of sanitary and storm sewers,
water mains and appurtenances in the Sheldon and Grantwood Avenue area. The
properties proposed to be acquired are located in the Borough of Staten Island
as follows: Grantwood Avenue between Sheldon Avenue and Rensselaer Avenue;
Grantwood Avenue between Rensselaer Avenue and Rathbun Avenue and the
intersection of Sheldon and Belfield Avenues as shown on Damage and Acquisition
Map Nos 4240 and 4241. The properties affected include the following areas as
shown on the Tax Map of the City of New York for the Borough of Staten Island: •
Tax Block 5709 parts of Lot 20 and 23. • Tax Block 5708 parts of Lots 22, 24,27
and 29 • Bed of Grantwood Avenue between Sheldon Avenue and Rensselaer Avenue;
Grantwood Avenue between Rensselaer Avenue and Rathbun Avenue and the
intersection of Sheldon and Belfield Avenues There are no proposed alternate
locations. Any person in attendance at this meeting shall be given a reasonable
opportunity to present oral or written statements and to submit other documents
concerning the proposed acquisition. Each speaker shall be allotted a maximum of
five (5) minutes. In addition, written statements may be submitted to the
General Counsel at the address stated below, provided the comments are received
by 5:00 P.M. on April 28, 2015 (5 working days from public hearing date). NYC
Department of Design and Construction Office of General Counsel, 4th Floor 30-30
Thomson Avenue Long Island City, NY 11101 Please note: Those property owners who
may subsequently wish to challenge condemnation of their property via judicial
review may do so only on the basis of issues, facts and objections raised at the
public hearing. m30-a3
