Test Case 2
Type: Public Hearing
Department: Department Of Consumer Affairs
Date Published: January 20, 2015

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, pursuant to law, that the New York City Department of
Consumer Affairs will hold a Public Hearing on Wednesday, January 28, 2015, at
2:00 P.M., at 66 John Street, 11th Floor, in the Borough of Manhattan, on the
following petitions for sidewalk café revocable consent: 1. 132 Mulberry Inc.
132 Mulberry Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To maintain, and operate an
unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 2. 135 West Broadway Food &
Drink LLC 135 W Broadway in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue to maintain,
and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.) 3. 149
Second Ave. Rest Inc. 149 2nd Avenue in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue
to maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.)
4. 241 Bowery Corp. 241 Bowery in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue to
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.) 5.
600 West 169th Rest Inc. 4015 Broadway in the Borough of Manhattan (To
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 6.
675 Hudson Vault, LLC 675 Hudson Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To
continue to maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of
four years.) 7. 76th Street Restaurant, LLC 20 E 76th Street in the Borough of
Manhattan (To continue to maintain, and operate a small unenclosed sidewalk
café for a term of four years.) 8. 975 Amsterdam, Inc. 975 Amsterdam Avenue in
the Borough of Manhattan (To maintain, and operate a regular unenclosed/small
unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 9. Amber 221 Inc. 221
Columbus Avenue in the Borough of Manhattan (To establish, maintain, and
operate an enclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 10. BSWR Corp. 423
Amsterdam Avenue in the Borough of Manhattan (To maintain, and operate an
unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 11. Burke’s Beal Bocht Corp.
445 W 238th Street in the Borough of Bronx (To continue to maintain, and
operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.) 12. ERS
Enterprises Inc. 44 W 63rd Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue to
maintain, and operate an enclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.) 13.
Gyro King Foods Corp. 50 E Fordham Road in the Borough of Bronx (To continue to
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.)
14. Hedgie LLC 22 Peck Slip in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue to
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.)
15. Iridium Restaurant Corp. 20 Spring Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To
continue to maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of
four years.) 16. La Boca Wine Bar LLC 24 Saint Nicholas Avenue in the Borough
of Brooklyn (To maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of
two years.) 17. La Meridiana, LTD 26 Carmine Street in the Borough of Manhattan
(To maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.)
18. LCN Cafe Corp. 10603 Metropolitan Avenue in the Borough of Queens (To
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 19.
M.B.R.P. Rest., Inc. 1454 2nd Avenue in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue
to maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four years.)
20. New Mekong Restaurant Corp. 16 King Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To
maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of two years.) 21.
Osteria Laguna LLC 209 E 42nd Street in the Borough of Manhattan (To continue
to maintain, and operate a small unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of four
years.) 22. P.J.’S of Little Italy, Inc. 138 Mulberry Street in the Borough of
Manhattan (To maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for a term of
two years.) 23. Philippe NYC I LLC 33 E 60th Street in the Borough of Manhattan
(To continue to maintain, and operate a small unenclosed sidewalk café for a
term of four years.) 24. Ray Thai Inc. 723 Fulton Street in the Borough of
Brooklyn (To continue to maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk café for
a term of four years.) 25. Sals Family Pizza Inc. 384 Broome Street in the
Borough of Manhattan (To establish maintain, and operate an unenclosed sidewalk
café for a term of two years.)
